welcome back New York to live isn't news
now a quick reminder tonight is the
night we've all been waiting for all
summer along as supersize stridex pads
presents SummerSlam 1995 you can join us
exclusively on pay-per-view you will be
glad you did the superstars cannot wait
until October the sixth five weeks from
Friday they were returned to the
greatest venue in the world burggarten
msg get ready for totally live totally
awesome action as I told you earlier all
kinds of matches nine big matches have
been signed 20 superstars will be in the
garden check this out the Undertaker
return to the garden first time in over
seven months to face king mable
Undertaker has not forgotten at all what
happened to him at King of the Ring also
huge news george the animal' steele
coming out of retirement to be in the
corner of Bret the Hitman Hart Bret
faces isaac yankem Jerry Lawler in isaac
yankem corner and Shawn Michaels the
Heartbreak Kid he's got that huge ladder
match at SummerSlam tonight against the
bad guy what kind of condition will he
be in when he faces that British
turncoat
the British bulldog shall Michaels stop
by a little while ago and I got to tell
you something brother he is prepared for
anything well what's up with the British
bulldog don't know don't care oh I know
as the people of NY NY and the
Heartbreak Kid we ain't buying the
apology bulldog you say it's all about
frustration we'll please have all people
at the Heartbreak Kid shed that deer
from his glass not for you pal I got
news for your frustration it's all
around the world Wrestling Federation
Jackson that's what it's about everybody
wants a piece of the pie but only a few
people can have it and the people that
have it are the people that have earned
it take a look at the World Wrestling
Federation Intercontinental Champion
bulldog I didn't jump anybody from
behind I didn't stick myself with low
lives like men on a mission that doesn't
get you anywhere you want something in
the World Wrestling Federation bulldog
you of all people should know you've got
a bark for it I wanted something I said
Big Daddy Cool get it to me I wanted
something else I look down the throat of
big SID
thanks Razor Ramon wants me on a ladder
again at SummerSlam and he has done it
the people of Madison Square Garden I've
seen this body tossed from one side of
the garden to the other if you want
sympathy from us bulldog you're gonna
have a heck of a hard time getting it
and Madison Square Garden the Heartbreak
Kid is gonna be all over you like Tony
Danza under paparazzi